Logic for checking Role for Bastion (#8057)
chef/automate: components/docs-chef-io/content/automate/ha_aws_deploy_steps.md

    - If you don't have a custom FQDN leave `fqdn` as empty for this AWS deployment. By default, AWS Application load balancer will be used as `fqdn`.
    - Set `instance_count` for Chef Automate, Chef Infra Server, Postgresql, OpenSearch.
    - Set AWS Config Details:

>         - Set `profile`, which has your local AWS Credentials, if not given it will pick IAM Role attached to Bastion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - Set the `profile`. Incase you attached IAM role to the bastion machine, leave this field empty
```

Author: Updated the statement

Reviewer 2: Better yet make it : "Leave this field empty if you have an IAM role attached to the bastion machine"
